Once there was a strong and clever king in one country. He was unhappy because the citizens of his country were wrongdoers. The king thought for a long a time how he could change his folk for the better. One day good idea crossed his mind. He built a big and nice stadium. It contained five thousand people. They thought it had been created for having a good time. They were wrong. There were two blue doors in the stadium. Behind one door there was a tiger. Behind the other one there was a beautiful lady. Since that time someone, who did something wrong, would have to go the stadium. There he would make a choice and open one door. He would either be eaten or get married to the lady. People were scared. The wrongdoers had to be very careful. Can people change.
As it usually happens, trains are not only a way of travelling. A lot of interesting can happen there. The twenty-year-old Japanese student has been travelling on his holiday alone. It is not very popular to travel on your own, but he had a reason. The student broke up with his girlfriend after six months in relationship. The girlfriend could not stand his love to the dog and left him. All their mutual friends supported her. The young man remained in loneliness. But later, sitting in the train he decided to leave all his problems in the past. These holidays would be the best in his life. And the fate gave him an opportunity to forget his misery. The student took the mobile phone of another passenger by mistake. He read some text messages. To his horror he understood that the phone owner was going to kill someone. Now the student wants to prevent such an awful crime. Certainly, if it is not a misunderstanding.
This book inspires everybody to take actions for their future. The greatest billionaire, the head of a huge computer company “Microsoft” Bill Gates wrote it. The book was published in 1999. The author shares his knowledge of business principles and how to use information technology properly. If you want to create your own business, it is not enough being led only by your intuition and luck. The modern business is a powerful system, which already uses advanced information technologies. The book is addressed to those people who do not want to stop on the achieved results but prefer to use new technologies for their business, to bring it to automatism. Here you will also find stories of life of many people who have achieved success without much effort.
Arthur Mowbray is a head of a huge company. He created his company after he had invented a board game “Mowbray’s Killer”. The game was made of cardboard and Plasticine figures. One day something terrible happened. His body was found in the dining room of his country house. Inspector Ainsworth started investigating this case. He has no evidence and no witnesses. But there are many suggestions. Ainsworth suspects that one of the directors can be guilty. He has to dive into the world of a fierce competition between the employees to learn the real truth and to find the killer. Will he be able to remain unharmed at the end? And the company is not so great it appears to be at first glance. Let’s see what a single inspector can do against the entire corporation.
Three friends Ami, Lisa and Claire decided to have a great holiday before entering the university. The friends had been planning this vacation for two years. They arrived in hot Australia from cold London in search of adventures and impressions. What could be better that a celebration of New Year on the beach in Sydney? During the party Lisa discovered that she had forgotten her purse. So she asked her friends to lend her some money. Instead of a not big sum she got many reproaches form Ami and Claire that she was always forgetting her money. Lisa got angry and joined another group which was also celebrating. The beach was full of people. After the party Ami and Claire didn’t find Lisa. She wasn’t in the room of the hostel where they stayed. She didn’t come in the morning either. The girls started looking for her.
Florida is a large peninsula, washed by the Atlantic ocean and the Gulf of Mexico. The story tells us about a small tourist town Montego Bay, located on the eastern coast of this peninsula. Montego Bay has an interesting history from the deep past. The pirates discovered this place and hid the stolen treasures here. Montego Bay used to be their port. Nowadays the town has many mysterious legends. These legends make people crazy and they become desperate treasure seekers. One of them is Peter O’Nell. He used to be a school teacher and the children loved him. He bought a boat and began to sail a lot. One day he didn’t come back. The boat was found empty on the Bermuda Triangle area. The police couldn’t solve this case. Peter O’Nell’s pupils come to help the police with the teacher’s faithful dog. Will they be able to find out the truth?
Everything started from the fact that a rock gave birth to an egg. A monkey hatched from it. The future king of monkeys easily found a common language with the monkeys born naturally. After a while, they recognized his superiority and chose him their king. Many years later, the monkey king started worrying about his death. He decided to leave his kingdom and to go into the unknown in search of immortality. At the very beginning of the journey, he studied magic and learned how to transform into various objects. Then he had to kill a demon. Finally, he found the registry of death where he struck out his name and the names of many other monkeys. Gods united and arrested the immortal Monkey King. But the Monkey King didn’t lie when he called himself a great and wise king. He managed to escape from the heaven prison.
This book is written by the modern author form New Zealand. She used to be a teacher and taught in many countries. Now she creates the touching stories for young people. Her books are translated into many languages. This work is about love difficult times. When a catastrophe happens, people first try to find their relatives or friends under the wrecks of the collapsed life. You will find a classic love triangle in the book. Sylvia is a young woman. She takes care of her ill mother. The family used to be rich, but everything changed after father’s death. Gabriel is a young man, who is very kind and generous. He is Sylvia’s old friend and he loves her. However, Sylvia loves Marco. Marco is a reach person. He is interested only in his fortune. A great earthquake happens on one Saturday evening. The tragedy completely changes their lives.
In ancient times goddess Calypso lived on the Earth. She was incredibly gorgeous and owned all the waters of the planet. Her wanderings through the waters led her to a simple sailor Davy Jones. They fell in love with each other. One day Jones arranged a date with her but she didn’t come. The man in love decided Calypso had betrayed him. He cut his heart out to relieve his suffering and put it into a chest. The sailor hid this chest on the unknown land. He became a bloodthirsty pirate and sailed on the ship “Flying Dutchman”. He looked for the debtors. Captain Jack Sparrow became one of these debtors. Now he has to find out one hundred innocent souls in exchange for his one. These souls will be Davy Jones’ slaves instead of Jack. Will Turner is an obstacle for Jack Sparrow’s aim.
Everything started in 1988. A girl named Emma Morley and a boy named Dexter Mayhew were lying on the narrow bed in Emma’s room. They shared a flat together. It was four o’clock in the morning. These two young people did not know each other very well. But that night was full of thoughts concerning the future. It was the last night of their university life in Edinburgh. After four years, they finally graduated. Soon they will go their own different ways. Only after one day together, the boy and the girl cannot stop thinking about each other. The young people are only at the beginning of their lives. They are forced to make difficult choices. Emma and Dexter have the whole life ahead. They will have enough time to make mistakes.
The Simple substitution cipher is one of the simplest ciphers, simple enough that it can usually be broken with pen and paper in a few minutes. On this page we will focus on automatic cryptanalysis of substitution ciphers, i.e. writing programs to solve these ciphers for us.
The substitution cipher is more complicated than the Caesar and Affine ciphers. In those cases, the number of keys were 25 and 311 respectively. This allowed a brute force solution of trying all possible keys. The number of keys possible with the substitution cipher is much higher, around 2^88 possible keys. This means we cannot test them all, we have to 'search' for good keys.
We will be using a 'hill-climbing' algorithm to find the correct key. For this approach, we need a way of determining how similar a piece of text is to english text. This is called rating the 'fitness' of the text. A piece of text very similar to english will get a high score (a high fitness), while a jumble of random characters will get a low score (a low fitness). For this we will use a fitness measure based on quadgram statistics. For a guide on how to generate quadgram statistics, and some python code for rating the fitness of text, see this tutorial. This method works by first determining the statistics of english text, then calculating the probability that the ciphertext comes from the same distribution. An incorrectly deciphered (i.e. using the wrong key) message will probably contain sequences e.g. 'QKPC' which are very rare in normal english. In this way we can rank different decryption keys, the decryption key we want is the one that produces deciphered text with the highest likelyhood.
As this cycle proceeds, the deciphered text gets fitter and fitter, the key becomes better until either the solution appears, or, the solution is not found. In this case the run has failed and must be repeated with a different starting key. This means the hill-climbing algorithm is stuck in a 'local maximum', where there are no simple changes that can be made to the key to improve fitness, and yet it is not at the true solution. If this happens you can run the algorithm again with a different parent in the hope it may reach the true solution this time. In the implementation below, we may restart the algorithm 100's of times in the search for the best key.
A final mention should be made about breaking short ciphers. In general, you will have trouble breaking ciphers less than 100 characters in length. This is because the statistics of short messages can deviate significantly from the long term statistics of english. In addition, there is a theoretical limit, given by the unicity distance which says that 28 characters are required to get a unique decryption, any cipher shorter is not breakable unless more information is available such as a crib.
Say I have some black box which, given any English word, deterministically outputs a token for that word. Assume our black box is implemented using strong cryptography, i.e. the hardness of reversing a token to its word is reducible to some known assumption.
Now, assume I have a document corpus where a document is some list of English words. I run every word in every document through my black box and create a new document set of tokenized documents. I then give the documents to some attacker who then carries out a ciphertext-only attack to try to guess what the documents say.
I'm curious as to how successful this attacker will be in recovering partial information about the documents. He'll try to use statistical attacks to fit the frequency curve of the tokens to the frequency curve of English words. This will allow him to guess the preimages of more frequent words with high confidence, but will he be able to guess less frequently-used words? Are there more advanced attacks he could use?
The angel Gabriel said to Mary: 'Peace be with you! God has blessed you and is pleased with you.' Mary was very surprised by this and wondered what the angel meant. The angel said to her 'Don't be afraid, God has been very kind to you. You will become pregnant by the Holy Spirit and give birth to a baby boy and you will call him Jesus. He will be God's own Son and his kingdom will never end.' Mary was very afraid but she trusted God. 'Let it happen as God chooses.' she replied to the angel. Gabriel also told Mary that her cousin, Elizabeth who everyone thought was too old to have children, would have a baby boy whom God had chosen to prepare the way for Jesus.
After Herod had died, Joseph had another dream in which an angel appeared to him. The angel said, 'Get up, take Jesus and Mary and go back to Israel, for those who were trying kill Jesus are dead.'
So Joseph got up, took Jesus and Mary and they went back to Israel. But when he heard that Herod's son was now king of Judea, he was afraid to go there. So instead they went to Galilee, and lived in their old town of Nazareth.
Then many more angels appeared, lighting up the sky. The shepherds heard them praising God singing: 'Glory to God in highest, and peace to everyone on earth.' When the angels had gone the shepherds said to one another, 'Let's go to Bethlehem to see what has happened.' So the shepherds went to Bethlehem and found Mary and Joseph. The baby Jesus was lying in a manger as they had been told. When they saw him, they told everyone what the angel had said and everyone who heard the story were astonished. Then the shepherds returned to their sheep, praising God for sending his Son to be their Saviour.
The Wise Men followed the star towards the country of Judea and when they got to the capital called Jerusalem they began to ask people: 'Where is the child who is born to be king of the Jews?' Herod, the king of Judea, heard this and it made him very angry to think that someone might be going to take his place as king. Herod sent for the Wise Men to come to him. He told them to go on following the star until they had found the baby king. He said: 'When you have found him, let me know where he is, so that I can go and worship him.'. But Herod did not tell them that he really had an evil plan in mind to kill the new king.
When they reached Bethlehem they had problems finding somewhere to stay. So many people had come to register their names in the census, that every house was full and every bed was taken in all of the guest rooms. The only place to stay that they could find was with the animals. People often kept animals in the house, especially at night, and used them like 'central heating'! People normally slept on a raised/upper level with the animals below to give them extra warmth.
Once the frog fell in a vessel of the hot water. The Water was still on a gas stove. The frog still did not try to jump out of the vessel, instead just stayed in it. As the temperature of the water started to rise, the frog managed to adjust its body temperature accordingly. As the water started to reach the boiling point, the frog was no longer able to keep up and manage its body temperature according to the water temperature.
Music is an art form and cultural activity whose medium is sound organized in time. The common elements of music are pitch (which governs melody and harmony), rhythm (and its associated concepts tempo, meter, and articulation), dynamics (loudness and softness), and the sonic qualities of timbre and texture (which are sometimes termed the "color" of a musical sound). Different styles or types of music may emphasize, de-emphasize or omit some of these elements. Music is performed with a vast range of instruments and vocal techniques ranging from singing to rapping; there are solely instrumental pieces, solely vocal pieces (such as songs without instrumental accompaniment) and pieces that combine singing and instruments.
In its most general form, the activities describing music as an art form or cultural activity include the creation of works of music (songs, tunes, symphonies, and so on), the criticism of music, the study of the history of music, and the aesthetic examination of music. Ancient Greek and Indian philosophers defined music as tones ordered horizontally as melodies and vertically as harmonies. Common sayings such as "the harmony of the spheres" and "it is music to my ears" point to the notion that music is often ordered and pleasant to listen to. However, 20th-century composer John Cage thought that any sound can be music, saying, for example, "There is no noise, only sound."[2]
Trance is a genre of electronic music that developed during the 1990s in Germany. It is characterized by a tempo lying between 125 and 150 beats per minute (BPM),[5] repeating melodic phrases,[5] and a musical form that distinctly builds tension and elements throughout a track often culminating in 1 to 2 "peaks" or "drops." Although trance is a genre of its own, it liberally incorporates influences from other musical styles such as techno,[3] house,[1] pop,[3] chill-out,[3] classical music,[3][4] tech house, ambient, and film music.[4]
A trance refers to a state of hypnotism and heightened consciousness. This is portrayed in trance music by the mixing of layers with distinctly foreshadowed build-up and release. A common characteristic of trance music is a mid-song climax followed by a soft breakdown disposing of beats and percussion entirely,[3][5] leaving the melody and/or atmospherics to stand alone for an extended period before gradually building up again. Trance tracks are often lengthy to allow for such progression and commonly have sufficiently sparse opening and closing sections to facilitate mixing by DJs.
Trance can be purely instrumental, although vocals are also a common feature. Typically they are performed by mezzo-soprano to soprano female soloists, often without verse/chorus structure. Structured vocal form in trance music forms the basis of the vocal trance subgenre, which has been described as "grand, soaring, and operatic" and "ethereal female leads floating amongst the synths".
The trance name may refer to an induced emotional feeling, high, euphoria, chills, or uplifting rush that listeners claim to experience, or it may indicate an actual trance-like state the earliest forms of this music attempted to emulate in the 1990s before the genre's focus changed.[5]
Trance music is broken into a large number of subgenres.[citation needed] Chronologically, the major subgenres are classic trance, acid trance, progressive trance,[3] uplifting trance,[3] and hard trance.[citation needed] Uplifting trance is also known as "anthem trance", "epic trance",[3] "commercial trance", "stadium trance", or "euphoric trance",[5] and has been strongly influenced by classical music in the 1990s[3] and 2000s by leading artists such as Ferry Corsten, Armin Van Buuren, Tiesto, Push, Rank 1 and at present with the development of the subgenre "orchestral uplifting trance" or "uplifting trance with symphonic orchestra" by such artists as Andy Blueman, Ciro Visone, Soundlift, Arctic Moon, Sergey Nevone&Simon O'Shine etc. Closely related to Uplifting Trance is Euro-trance, which has become a general term for a wide variety of highly commercialized European dance music. Several subgenres are crossovers with other major genres of electronic music. For instance, Tech trance is a mixture of trance and techno, and Vocal trance "combines [trance's] progressive elements with pop music".[3] Balearic beat, which is associated with the laid back vacation lifestyle of Ibiza, Spain, is often called "Balearic trance", as espoused by Roger Shah.[citation needed] The dream trance genre originated in the mid-1990s, with its popularity then led by Robert Miles. There is also a slower bpm trance music, this styles are often called "psybient" (synonyms are "psychill", "ambient trance").
The recipe remains unchanged. 40 plus trance artists handpicked by pure trance lovers. Genres will range from progressive, over the finest in pure trance to the dirtiest in hard and psy trance and not to forget our beloved trance classics. Hang tight for updates!
Outer space represents a challenging environment for human exploration because of the dual hazards of vacuum and radiation. Microgravity also has a negative effect on human physiology that causes both muscle atrophy and bone loss. In addition to these health and environmental issues, the economic cost of putting objects, including humans, into space is high.
Back in the 15th century, German theologian Nicolaus Cusanus speculated that the Universe lacked a center and a circumference. He believed that the Universe, while not infinite, could not be held as finite as it lacked any bounds within which it could be contained.[16] These ideas led to speculations as to the infinite dimension of space by the Italian philosopher Giordano Bruno in the 16th century. He extended the Copernican heliocentric cosmology to the concept of an infinite Universe filled with a substance he called aether, which did not cause resistance to the motions of heavenly bodies.[17] English philosopher William Gilbert arrived at a similar conclusion, arguing that the stars are visible to us only because they are surrounded by a thin aether or a void.[18] This concept of an aether originated with ancient Greek philosophers, including Aristotle, who conceived of it as the medium through which the heavenly bodies moved.[19]
According to the Big Bang theory, the Universe originated in an extremely hot and dense state about 13.8 billion years ago[33] and began expanding rapidly. About 380,000 years later the Universe had cooled sufficiently to allow protons and electrons to combine and form hydrogen—the so-called recombination epoch. When this happened, matter and energy became decoupled, allowing photons to travel freely through space.[34] The matter that remained following the initial expansion has since undergone gravitational collapse to create stars, galaxies and other astronomical objects, leaving behind a deep vacuum that forms what is now called outer space.[35] As light has a finite velocity, this theory also constrains the size of the directly observable universe.[34] This leaves open the question as to whether the Universe is finite or infinite. 